1. Who developed python programming language?
Ans. Guido Van Rassum developed python programming language.

2. Which type of programming does python support?
Ans. Python supports Object Oriented programming language.

3. Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Yes python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers.

4. What is correct extension of the python file?
Ans. The correct extension of the python file is .py .

5. Is python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans. Python code is always interpreted.

6. Name a few blocks of code defined in python language.
Ans. 1.Conditional statements
     2.loops
     3.exception handling
     4.function defination
     5.class defination
     
7. State a character used to give single line comment in python.
Ans. In pyhton '#' symbol is used to give single line comment.

8.Mention the functions that helps us to find the version of python that we are working on.
Ans. 1.sys.version
     2.platform.python_version()
     3.sys.version_info()
    
9.python supports the creation of anonymous functions at run time using construct called.
Ans. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at run time using 'lambda' construct.

10.What does pip stand for in python?
Ans. pip stand for pip install package
     it manages installation, uninstallation of packages in python.
     
11.Mention a few built in functions in python.
Ans. Here are some built in function in python.
     1.range()
     2.input()
     3.print()
     4.len()
     5.str()
     
12.What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
Ans. The maximum possible length of an identifier in python is not specified.

13.What are the benefits of using python as a language?
Ans. 1.It is easy to learn language for beginners.
     2.It is interpreted language
     3.It has short code.
     4.It has easy concepts.
     
14.How is the memory managed in python?
Ans. In python memory is managed by 'Python memory manager'
     the memory manager uses a combination of tricks to manage memory.
     for example reference counting, garbage collecton, memory pooling etc.
     
15.How to install python in windows and set python variables?
Ans.Do it by yourself.

16.Is indentation required in python?
Ans.Yes, identation is required in python.